# INHERITANCE
<!-- intro to be added here -->
One of the fundamental pillars of OOP is **INHERITANCE**, we could see inheritance as a sort of hierarchy, in which a **Super Class** could yield a **Subclass**, that consist of an **extension** of that super class. In addition to **Super Class**, we could denote the class from which we inherit; a **parent class** as well however the most common term is a **base class**, and the class that inherits is called either **subclass**, **child class**, or **derived class**.
A **Derived Class**, contains the same members as the **Base Class** and it can define more members, we could say that the derived class is exactly the same as the base class with additional members, that shape it to a specific usage in our code. With **inheritance** we could save ourselves a lot of time, by reusing existing pieces of code, at the same time we could improve our code structure logic and readability.

## How A Derived Class Knows its Base Classes
We could specify to our derived class, its base classes by adding a **class derivation list**, which is colon followed by comma-serparated list of base classes, each of which may have an optional **access specifier**. For instance  :
    <pre>
    class Camel: public Animal, public Transporter {...}
    </pre>
By having `public`as the access specifier we could use the derived class as if its the base class.

## How A Derived Class access Data Members of its Base Class ?
Usually, data members that are used only inside a class, are set as private. With that being the case, these are inaccessible in the Derived Class. Therefore there is a keyword which is :  `protected`, that indicates that this data members are still inaccessible out of the class, however they are accessible in the derived class.


## Member functions And Inheritance
Generally derived Classes inherits members of their base class. Despite of that a derived class can redefine operations that are type dependent, this redefinition is called **overriding**.
A derived class should declare members that it will override.
One thing to mention is that an **access specifier** determines whether users of a derived class are allowed to know that the derived class inherits from its base class.
when the deriviation is public, public members of the base class become part of the interface of the derived class. Moreover we can bind an object of a derived type to a reference or a pointer of the base class. Ordinarily classes inherits directly from only one base class, this is called **single inheritance**.

## Derived Class Constructors
Derived class objects have inherited members, but they cannot initialized them immediately. A derived class must use a base class constructor to initialize its base-class part. Likewise to how the initialization of members is done, a derived-class constructor rely on its constructor initializer list to pass arguments to a base-class constructor. A scope of a derived class is nested in the scope of its base class. Hence there is no difference between a member of a derived uses members defined in its own class, and how it uses members defined in its base.

### Questions : 
* How a derived class inherits the copy constructor and the copy assignment operator ?
* Why does the Destroying of objects is done in a reverse way compared to the constructing ?
<!-- page 628 -->

