# Subtype Polymorphism, Abstract Class and Interface

## Subtype Polymorphism:
Subtype polymorphism is making a subclass able to be used in where its super class is expected. C++ allows a reference or a pointer to an object of a base class to refer to an object of a derived class, it allows **implicit upcasts** which are conversions going upward of the inheritance hierarchy.


## Virtual Functions:
<!-- Overriding a function does not necessarily need adding the virtuall keyword -->
Within a base class we can set a function as virtual by adding to its beginning the `virtual` keyword, this implies that this member function should be overridden by the derived class. This is useful when we are in a situation of passing a pointer or a reference of a subtype object to a function that takes in a pointer or a refernce to a supertype object. Or even assign a derived object pointer to a base object pointer.

## Virtual Destructor:
When we want to delete a derived object through a pointer to a base class, we need to set the Destructor to be virtual in the base class, in order to make sure the correct destructor is called. Normally whenever we try to destroy a derived object, what happens is a destruction ordered as follows: 
1 - Destruction of the derived object.
2 - Destruction of the Base object.
For reasons discussed in the MODULE 02 DOCS

The scenario that interests us here is: The Deletion of a derived object through a pointer to a base object let's see an example
```cpp
	BaseClass *A = new B; // B is of type DerivedClass;

	delete A // we want here to destroy B, 
```
If we want to achieve a correct destruction of the derived object B, we should be able to call the destructor of B
` ~B ( void )` and not the destructor of A ` ~A ( void )`. To do that we need just to add the `virtual` keyword before the Destructor signature in the Base Class. Taking in consideration what we said about virtual functions above this seems logical.

## Vtables: 

## Abstract Class
An **Abstract Base Class** in C++ is a class that cannot be instantiated, and impose its user to created from derived classes. An abstract Class is just an ordinary class That have at least one **Pure Virtual Function**.
A **Pure Virtual Function** is just a function having the keyword `virtual` at the beginning of its signature and it has ` = 0` as its body.
### Why we need an Abstract Class ?
* In fact, an abstract class acts like a common interface for different classes. An abstract base class implies that each derived base class should have its own implementation for member functions. This seems so beneficial when we have many classes that have some common features, however they diverge on the implementation of some operations or they contain additional attributes.

* Abstract Base Classes make it possible to set a default behavior for a method. That is to say, an **ABC** could define the implementation for some of its member function, these will be the default, as if a subclass is not having a its own implementation for a certain method, it will be the default one defined in the **ABC**.
Indeed, in addition to just abstract methods, an interface may have concrete methods as well, by this we could supply our derived class with a shared functionality.

* The Presence of an **Abstract Base Class**, enforces the providing of a particular definition for the abstract methods for each of the subclasses that get derived from it.