# Exceptions:
C++, comes with the **Exception Handling** feature, suitable for dealing with anomalous behavior, that could occurs in a program runtime, that the program cannot solve or did not provide a handling. It is common to see a program that is possible to *raise* an exception, having another part **handling** the raised exception. 
Exceptions handling is about the cooperation between **Detecting** and **Handling**. One of the major plusses of exceptions handling is allowing the seperation of error-handling part of our program from the functionality part, exceptions handling consists of :

**Throw expressions :** This indicates the encountering of an anomaly in the running program. Commonly we say it **raises** an exception.

**Try Blocks :** blocks of code that are set to handle the exception, this way : the `try {...}` block that invokes a code that may raise an exception and the  `catch {...}` blocks which are refered to as **catch clauses**, or **exception handlers** those contain code which is supposed to handlle the exception

**Exception Classess :** as we are in a OOP paradigm, Exceptions are illustrated through classes which make them more flexible entities.

Raising an exception ceases the current function and alters the driving wheel to a handler that will know how to handle this error. So they are a mechanism of transfering control from one part to another in context of errors, and anomalies occurences. 

Nevertheless, we should bear in mind that this approach interuppt the normal flow. The control shifting on our program may affects its functionality badly, Mostly, omitting part of the
program implies that some data are left in an invalid or incomplete states or even a memory loss. This issue leads us, to mention the *Exception safe* form of coding, an approach that manages to keep our system tidy. This form is indisputably hard and complicated to follow.

### Module Discoveries :
* What is circular dependency ? 
A **Circular Dependency** occurs when two or more classes rely on each other in their definitions, This issue could simply be fixed by a **Forward Declaration** something that looks like this:
```cpp
	class A; // forward-declaration
	class B {
		...
		memberFunc( A & ); // A member function that takes in a reference to class A
	}
```

* Why a check for the self-assignment is important ?
Assigning an object to itself may yield unexpected behaviors and bugs, so in order to prevent these. It is important to add inside an assignment operator, which ensures that this operator will only be called when the object being assigned is different from the object on the left-hand side of the assignment.


* How can a class inherit constructors from its base class knowing that the latter is an ABC ?

* What is the difference between `const ClassName &` and `ClassName const &` ?
No difference, both denote a reference to a const object.

* Why do the catch function takes an exception of type `std::exception` and not type of our `OwnCustomException` ?

* What would happen if an exception is thrown outside of a try/catch block ?
The program will terminate and the exception will not be caught.
* Why did we choose the execute to be a pure virtual function ?

* Can We throw any class type ?
you can throw any object as an exception, as long as the object is either derived from the std::exception class or can be implicitly converted to a type that is derived from std::exception